page, rer.nember that Vegetah]
may require shorter or es
Vegefdbles ingytimz than given, thtog’%:ztc:&]:‘
. e . to prepare vege- depending on quality and ygu e
tall)ilsot\:;n;:mli)s?h;h' rft}tyrlztive value of Ve%'etabisillT h(la altitude g ?vrlll(:(t:)i
and appetite appeal is o test, 3 )tnr)xlll ~1V(z)u can &hsot&ﬂe% cooking
any good cook. To help you 1m- lt'f's’ y dic: sd(')r. en the timg by
prove your skill with .Vegembles, C]L;l S:ig’ 1CI0g; dICINgROT Coarsely
here are some cooking tips— shredding vegetables.
® Boil vegetables in as little  Boiling fresh vegetables
water as possible; losses 1n v1tam1n§ Bringirsaltedibn i
and minerals will be less, the less it g O 4 bl
3 P water y ‘
water you use. Serve the cooking A Sually jg
ﬁqUidS‘ with your vegetabl(.eS, o b vegetables 01111(%1%'3 ¢ fL
make them into sauces, gravies, or  Foy Ly S0 OT T00t yege.
soups. 4 nger COO.klng may
@ Cook vegetables until just ten- re(kllmre water to cover. Spingch and
der, and serve them immediately; Olt_ o greenshn.eed only the gty
they will taste better and retain NSNS to their leaves from ypg},.
more nutrients. ing if cooked over low heat in g pap
@ Trim leafy vegetables like with a tlght‘ﬁt_tmg ll_d- Tomatoes
lettuce and cabbage sparingly. Use 81 be cooked in their own juice,
the dark outer leaves—they are Ad‘% vegetable. Cover, and quick-
especially rich in nutrients. Re- ly bring water back to g boil.
move woody midribs from kale Iveduce heat and cook gently unil
leaves—there is little nutritive loss V.egfatable 1s Just tender. Start
and the kale cooks more uniformly. ting after water returns to
boiling.
Fresh vegetables Frozen and canned vegetables
Preparing for cooking Frozen.—Cook frozen vegetables
Wash vegetables thoroughly. Use according to package directions.
plenty of water for leafy greens; For uniform cooking, thaw leafy
wash several times, lifting vege- Vegetables just enough to separate
tables from the water. the leaves before you put them in
Remove bruised, wilted, or tough boiling water. Partly thaw corn on
parts; trim sparingly. the cob before cooking it. If neces-
Soak fresh brussels sprouts and sary, separate pieces of frozen vege-
broccoli in cold salt water (2 tea- tables with a fork during cooking.
spoons salt for each quart of water) Canned.—Commercially canned
30 to 60 minutes to remove any Vegetables need reheating only. If
insects. liquid is not served with the vege-
Gorking times table, save it for other uses. (See
/ Ways to Use Leftovers, p. 85.)
In using the Boiling Guide for Unless you are absolutely sure
Fresh Vegetables on the following home-canned vegetables have been
52 ‘
