ield: i ke layers
Chocolate nut torte Yield: 3 (8-inch) cake lay
sweetened chocolate 1 cup sour cream
g :g::r:isﬂ:sl cake flour 1 1/; cups granulated sugar
king soda eggs
: ::::sg:: ::n L 1 teaspoon almond extract
1/3 cup softened butter or margarine 1/4 cup hot water (110°-120°F)
preheat oven to 350°F. Grease and dust with flour three 8-inch cake pans. Melt
chocolate in double boiler. Cool. On a piece of waxed paper, sift flour, baking soda,
and salt. In a large mixing bowl, combine butter, sour cream, and sugar. Cream on
Speed 7 for 2 minutes. Scrape sides of bowl as necessary. Add eggs, almqnd ex-
tract, and chocolate, and continue mixing until well blended, about 2 minutes.
Turn to Speed 2 and add flour mixture and water. After dry ingredients are
moistened, turn to Speed 6 and mix for 2 minutes. Scrape sides of bowl as
necessary. Divide batter into three parts, and pour into prepared cake pans. Bake
for 30-35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out
clean. Cool cake in pans for 5 minutes. Loosen edges of cake with a spatula and
turn onto wire racks. Cool completely before frosting.
SUGGESTED TOPPING:
Nut filling
Cocoa devil’s food cake Yield: 2 (8-inch) cake layers
11/2 cups cake flour 2 eggs
1/2 cup cocoa 11/4 cups granulated sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons baking soda 1 cup buttermilk
1/2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2/3 cup shortening
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease and dust with flour two 8-inch round cake pans. On
a piece of waxed paper, sift flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. In a large mixing
bowl, add shortening, €ggs, and sugar. Cream on Speed 7 for 1 minute. Turn to
Speed 2 and add flour mixture. Gradually add buttermilk and vanilla extract. When
ingredients are moistened, turn to Speed 6 and mix for 2 minutes. Pour batter into
prepared cake pans. Bake for 30-35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center of
cake comes out clean. Cool cake in pans for 5 minutes. Loosen edges of cake with
spatula and turn onto wire racks. Cool completely before frosting.
SUGGESTED FROSTING:
Chocolate fudge frosting, Fluffy butter frosting, Quick egg white frosting
31
