| ) ‘ ( 5@3@ Q
© R n
SCRAMBLED F ’ i O ”
4 eggs e . - g 2 ol N8 A
4 tablespoons milk 3
k or cream
zg teaspoon salt, scant FRENCH OMELET
. 3 teaspoon pepper ey
1 tablespoon butter 3 tfl%lcspoons water or milk |
] R argarine 3% teaspoon salt
’ 1% teaspoon pepper, scant
f Mix eggs, milk, salt and pepper 1 tablespoon fat
i with fork or spoon—mixing thor- :
oughly if a uniform yellow is pre- Mix eggs, water, salt and PePPef\
ferred or mixing slightly if streaks puathitfolls, Elcatda i o
of white and yellow are preferred. ~ 1ust hot enough to sizzle a drop of
Heat fat in 8-inch skillet just hot ~ Vater. Pour in egg mixture. It
enough to sizzle drop of water. should set ‘ai edgestat o Ce
] Pour in egg mixture. Reduce heat duceihear, /i siih i BCE
promptly. Cook slowly, lifting edges thickens, draw these por-
from the bottom and sides as the tions with the fork toward the Hibm
mixture thickens. As the cooked ter so that the uncool?ed DORgiCe
mixture is lifted, the thin un- flow to the bottom. Tilt skillet to
. cooked part should flow to the bot- hasten ﬂpw of uncooked eges.
3 tom. Avoid constant stirring. Cook _Shake skillet to kegp omelet slid-
until eggs are thickened through- .18 freely. Keep mixture as level
; out but still moist, 5 to 8 minutes. g possﬂ;le. When'egg.s are set and,
i Makes 2 servings 2 surface is still m01s§, increase heat
P to brown bottom quickly. Careful-
® ; : ly loosen edge, fold in half or roll. ’
‘, Poached: Bring water in shal- Makes 2 servings.
low pan to the boiling point—
: enough to have about two inches
- _of water. Reduce heat to hold tem- CHEESE OMELET
i perature at simmering. Break each
egg into a saucer; slip egg into Follow directions for Puffy Om-
; water quickly at the surface. Cook elet, adding % cup grated sharp
3 to 5 minutes depending on the Cheddar cheese just before fold-
firmness desired. Remove eggs ing in egg whites. Before putting
» with slotted pancake turner or omelet in oven, sprinkle top with
spoon; drain. Milk or broth may an additional % cup of grated
be used instead of water. cheese.
25
