///I;acuum Method : Measure fresh TEA
/ cold water into the lower bowl.
Place on heat. Place ﬁltgr in upper 1. Use a clean teapot; heat it by
bowl. Add vacuum grind coffee. filling with very hot water.
When water boils, reduce heat. In- 2. Bring fresh cold water to a full,
sert upper bowl. Let most of wa- rolling boil.
ter rise to upper bowl. Stir thor- & Empty water from teapot.
oughly. In 1 to 3 minutes remove 4. Put tea in pot, using 1 measur-
from heat. When brew returns to ing teaspoon of tea or 1 tea bag
lower bowl, remove upper bowl. to 1 measuring cup of water.
5. Add measured boiling water.
6. Let brew 3 to 5 minutes.
& Drip Method: Preheat pot by
rinsing in very hot water. Measure INSTANT BEVERAGES
drip grind coffee into filter section.
Measure fresh boiling water into There are several excellent
upper container. Cover. When brands of instant coffee, tea, and
dripping is completed, remove up- cocoa available. Find the one you
per section, stir brew. like; follow package.directions for
amounts. If the finished beverage
is not strong enough for your taste,
& Percolator Method: Measure experiment until Yol arrive'at E
fresh cold water into the percola- proportion that SultsRoEE Write it
tor. Place on heat until water on a card; attach it to door of cab-
boils. Remove from heat. Measure inet where beverages are kept.
regular grind coffee into basket.
Insert basket, cover; return to ICED FRUIT DRINKS,
heat, percolate slowly 6 to 8 min-
utes. Remove basket. The new frozen citrus fruit juice
concentrates—orange, lemon, lime,
and tangerine—are easy to use
and delightfully flavorful as a base
COCOA for frosty fruit drinks. Canned
fruit juices are excellent also.
4. tablespoons cocoa
4 tablespoons sugar
Pinch of salt CHOCOLATE-BANANA MILK
1 cujzpo0ld water SHAKE
3 cur  whole milk, or 114 cups evap-
orated milk diluted with 114 cups 1 ripe banana ¢
water 1 cup dairy chocolate milk (also :
1 teaspoon vanilla extract called chocolate drink)
(optional) 34 teaspoon vanilla
Combine cocoa, sugar, and salt Mash banana to a pulp. Add choc-
in saucepan. Add water; boil 2 olate milk and vanilla. Shake well.
minutes, stirring. Add milk; heat Or, slice banana into an electric A
thoroughly but do not boil. Add blender, add remaining ingredi- ,
vanilla. Beat with rotary egg beat- ents, and blend until thick and '
er. Makes 6 servings. creamy. f
4
2 sl
