Timesaver Creamy white frosting
Quick cherry cobble'r.——[.Tse 1 can  For 8-inch layer cake or 9- by 12-inch
21 ounces) cherry ?lelﬁltlllll)%- Heat loaf cake
to boiling and stir 1n Fo&r (;’)Sils)os.rtl_ About 214 cups confectioner’s sugar
butter or margarine. 5 A cup softened butter or margarine
topping, Fombme 1 cup packaged 3 tablespoons milk
biscuit mix anc_l 1 tablespoon sugar. 4 teaspoon vanilla '
Add % cup milk and 1 tablespoon :
melted butter or margarine; stir Beat about 2 cups of the sugar
until moistened. Drop by spoonfuls with all other ingredients until
onto hot cherry filling and bake as frosting is creamy and smooth. Beat
directed. in enough of the remaining sugar for
a frosting that will spread evenly.
Spread on cooled cake.
Chocolate cake Variation
Two 8-inch layers Creamy chocolate frosting.—MIix in
13/ cups cake flour 1 or 2 ounces (1 or 2 squares) of
11/3 cups sugar melted chocolate. Or increase milk
1 teaspoon salt to 14 cup and use 14 cup cocoa. Beat
1 teaspoon baking soda until creamy and smooth.
1/ cup softened butter or margarine
1 ::gs:;Lkn et Caramel-nut frosting
b 9 eqgs For 8-inch layer cake or 9- by 12-inch
2 or 3 ounces (2 or 3 squares) unsweet- loaf cake
ened chocolate, melted o cup butter or margarine
1 cup brown sugar, packed
; 3 g V4 cup milk
. Mix dry mgredlen.ts well, Adfl 92 cups confectioner’s sugar
fat and half_ of the milk; ’peat uptll 9% cup finely chopped pecans or
creamy. Mix in remaining milk, walr ot
vanilla, and eggs. Add chocolate; 1/ toqsp00n vanilla
beat unt'il creamy. Nut halves, as desired
Pour into two 8-inch greased and
floured layer cake pans. Bake at Combine, fat, brown sugar, and
3502 _F. (moderate oven) 30 to 35 milk. Cook over medium heat,
1§ d, or until the cake surface stirring constantly, only until mix-
: springs back when touched lightly. ture boils and sugar is dissolved.
f Cool cake a few minutes before re- Cool slightly.
moving from the pans. When cool, Beat confectioner’s sugar into
frost with creamy chocolate frost- cooked mixture until frosting
ing (this page). reaches spreading consistency. Add
Note: For a loaf cake, use a chopped nuts and vanilla; mix well.
greased and floured 9- by 12-inch Spread on cooled cake. Garnish
cakepan. Bake about 40 minutes. with nut halves.
: 79
