L]
FRESH VEGETABLES
POTATO SALAD WITH FRANKFURTERS
11b. Frankfurters, cut into 1 inch pieces yz cup vinegar
5 or 6 medium sized potatoes sliced 74 cup sugar ;
1 teaspoon salt 1 onion chopped fine T hae
J{ cup salad oil 2 tablespoons parsley chopp {
Place the sliced potatoes in MIRRO-MATIC Pan, and .frapkfurtershoriéogeﬁ‘
potatoes. Put the salt, oil, vinegar, sugar in shaker or pint jar f'md % = e pai.
Pour ingredients over potato salad and add finely chopped onion. Cov r high
Set MIRRO-MATIC Control on vent tube at 15 lbs., and place pan O:jleeduce
heat. When control jiggles, cook 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat an rServeS
pressure instantly. Add chopped parsley and mix well before serving.
4 or 5.
CREAMED CABBAGE
Remove outer leaves of a small solid head of cabbage. Cut in quarters. Shreg
| with a sharp knife into thin strips. Place in MIRRO-MATIC Pressure Pan an1
add Y5 cup water. Cover, set control at 15, and cook for 3 minutes after contro
jiggles. Reduce pressure instantly. Drain.
Prepare one cup white sauce {page 45). Add to the sauce 14 teaspoon grated
nutmeg (14 cup of grated cheese may be used instead of the nutmeg). Pour
over cabbage, mix. Serve hot. Serves 4.
CREAMED SPINACH
Cut off roots from 2 Ibs. of spinach. Wash very thoroughly. Place in MIRRO-
MATIC Pan with 14 cup water. Cover, set control at 15, and cook 114 minutes
after control jiggles. Reduce pressure instantly. Drain, chill and chop very
fine. Melt 3 tablespoons butter or bacen fat. Cook 1 tablespoon minced onion
until lightly brown. Stir in 2 tablespoons flour and blend well. Slowly add
1 cup of hot cream, top milk, or evaporated milk. Add 14 teaspoon salt and
'} teaspoon pepper. When sauce is smooth and boiling, add the spinach and
* cook about 2 minutes in the open pan. Serves 4-6.
CREAMED ONIONS
Peel 20 small onions under running water. Place in the MIRRO-MATIC Pan.
Add Y4 cup water and Y4 teaspoon salt. Cover, set control at 15, and cook
10 minutes after control Jiggles. Reduce pressure instantly. Drain. Prepare
1 gup white sauce (page 45). Add onions. Mix lightly and serve hot. Serves
4-6.
SAUTEED PARSNIPS
Peel, cut into halves and place in MIRRO-MATIC Pan. Add % cup water.
Cover, set control at 15, and cook for 7 minutes after contro] jiggles. Reduce
pressure instantly. Drain. Cool and cut into quarters. Saute in butter, or bacon
drippings until delicately browned. Sprinkle with salt and pepper,
17 SRR L
SRR A T N D S O
