Poached eggs supre
Plain' or french omelet o 885 supreme
0 serpwnge 1 can (10% ounces) ¢, d
6 eggs " Cheddar cheese soup densed
%4 teaspoon sa 2 tablespoons chopped qre
Pepper, as desnre.d 4 cup process sharp Cie;;‘q?eiper
6 tablespoons milk br spread Meere
3 tablespoons butter or margarin . 6 slices toast
Beat eggs zntil yolks and whites & 2 ias
mixed. A
arZ ggl{qalt, pepper, an d milk. Combine soup and greep Pepper-
Melt the fat in a large frypan heat. Spr.ead cheese on toggt, PO&c};
and pour in the egg mixture. eggs until firm (p. 48). Place eggs
Cook over moderate heat. As the on toast and cover with hot Soup
omelet cooks, lift edges toward cen- mixture. Serve 1r¥1medi'ately.
ter and tip pan so that the uncooked Nore: Fqr this xecipe, 1se only
mixture flows under the cooked por- clean eggs with no cracks ip, shells,
: i i til bottom
itslolrilg.hctoll)lrt;;l;f e Menv sugge.sfion
Fold one half of the omelet over Serve with green beans, fruit
the other half and serve at once. salad, and oatmeal cookies,
Note: For this recipe, use only
clean eggs with no cracks in shells. Deviled eggs
Variations 6 servings
Spread tart jelly or browned 6 eggs
mushrooms on half the omelet just 14 cup mayonnaise
before folding. 1 teaspoon prepared mustard
Sprinkle top of the omelet with 14 teaspoon vinegar
shredded cheese, your favorite 1/4 teaspoon salt
herbs, or bits of crisp bacon or ham. White pepper, as desired
Paprika
Hard-cook eggs as directed on
Poached Sest page 47. Cool eggs under cold
Break eggs into a saucer or cus- running water 5 to 10 minutt?s.
tard cup, one at a time, then slip  Peel shells from eggs. Cut eggs 1
them into gently boiling, salted half lengthwise. Mash yolks with
water—enough water to cover the remaining ingredients except pa-
eggs 1n a shallow pan. prika until mixture is smooth: Fill
Reheat water to simmering, take whites with this mixture; sprinkle
pan from heat, cover. Let stand 5 with paprika. “
minutes, or until eggs are of desired
ﬁrmnes§. Remove eggs from water Variation
and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Ham-deviled  eggs.—Omit salt.
S or this recipe, use only Add 1can (2}4 ounces) deviled ham
clean eggs with no cracks tn shells. to yolk mixture.
48
