WHITE BREAD
(4 |oaves)
Mix: 4 cups lukewarm liquid Add: 2 pkg. dry granular yeast
6 T. sugar (soaked 5 min. in % c. lukewarm liquid)
2 T. salt 4 T. soft shortening
Mix in 2 additions: 14 cups flour
Combine ingredients. When dough begins to leave the sides of the bowl, turn'it onto a
lightly floured board and knead, until dough is smooth, elastic and doesn’t stlpk to |
board. Place in greased bowl, turning once to bring greased side up. Cover with a
damp cloth and let rise in a warm place (80-85*F) until double. Punch down and let
rise again until almost double. (If allowed to rise too long, dough may fall, become
course and open and very dry when baked.) Mold the loaves and place in greased
9x5x3" loaf pans. Let rise again and bake. 375 for 30 - 40 minutes.
' SWEET ROLLS (Makes 3 doz. rolls or
1 coffee cake & 1 doz. rolls)
Mix: % cup lukewarm milk Add: 2 pkg. granular yeast soaked 5 min. |
% cup sugar in % cup lukewarm water
1 tsp. salt 2 eggs
Stir in 2 additions: 4% cups flour
Handle dough as in White Bread. After 2nd rising, divide dough for desired coffee
cakes and rolls, round up, cover and let rest 15 minutes so dough is easier to handle.
Shape and let rise until double. Bake individual rolls at 400 for 12 to 20 minutes.
Bake pan rolls or coffee cakes at 375 * for 25 to 30 minutes.
RAISED DOUGHNUTS
*NOTE: % Sweet Roll recipe may be used for Raised Doughnuts. After 2nd rising,
roll out dough 1/3” thick and cut. Let rise on board until very light (30 - 45 min.).
Leave uncovered so a crust will form on dough. Drop in 375 fat. Drain on
absorbant paper and sugar if desired. Makes 1% to 2 dozen doughnuts.
- FRY BREAD
This is a special baking day treat, especially for after-school snacks! You may know
them as “Nantucket Do-nuts”, “Fried Men”, “Frogs”, or “Dough Gods”.
Pinch off small irregular pieces of raised bread or sweet roll dough and drop into
hot fat as for doughnuts. Dip these interesting shapes into thinned molasses, maple
syrup or honey. Drain. May also be sprinkled with sugar.
Claire
