SNOWBERRY TREE :

_Gather 'round the family for a gumdrop-snip- ‘
ping party! Let everyone, including the children,

help make the feathery branches; then when -

the tree’s finished it will certainly be a “Family

Treasure” for Christmases to come. :

Three days or up to one month, ahead: :

Make tree patterns: |
From corrugated cardhoard cut out 3 tri-

angles, each with a 7%-inch base and two

11%34-inch sides.

Make gumdrop “fringes” for tree sides: |

1. Coat about 1 pound each of 1-inch red ob-
long gumdrops and 1-inch white ones,* sev-
eral at a time, with confectioners’ sugar.
Then, with scissors, cut each in half length-
wise, almost but not quite through to end.
Now halve each “half” as before, forming 4
quarters. (Dip scissors and gumdrops into
confectioners’ sugar as you work, to pre-
vent sticking.)

2. Press uncut end of each gumdrop firmly be-
tween fingertips to open 4 pointed “fringes’’;

_ then lay, side by side, between wax paper
on tray.

Two days before tree is needed:

Make and bake tree sides:

1. Into small bowl sift % cup granulated sugar
and Vs teaspoon cream of tartar. Then, in
large bowl, with electric mixer at high
speed, beat 3 egg whites (at room tempera-
ture) until stiff, not dry. Slowly add sugar,
beating till you have stiff, glossy peaks.
Now, at low speed, fold in %2 cup sifted reg-
ular all-purpose flour, just until blended.

2. Spread one-third of this meringue mixture

- evenly over each cardboard triangle, then
lay on cookie sheets. Now, across 7%2-inch
base of each, lay red gumdrop “fringes,”
side by side, with pointed ends resting at
base edge. Repeat with a second row of
white ones, letting their pointed ends over-
lap red row Y2 inch, Continue to overlap al-
ternate rows of red and white “fringes,”
until 3 triangles are covered—you'll have

~ about 15 rows on each. Reserve remaining
~ “Yringes” for later use. Start heating oven
=30 200°F. | S "

- 3. Bake tree sides 2% hours; then cool” on

4 Satetn o RO o B R CCIRRRRRL. o e
