RGN, > » A g SN Th 8 1 4 -
e WY CREAMED CHICKEN 7 O
: leftover chicken, cut from the bone, or canned chicker}. Make AT
\ whigj:;:;g l\?o- 2, using part milk or part chicken stock and part milk. One 3
cup of white sauce is needed for‘cach cup of Fhicken. Add chicken and serve ;
on toast, waffles, boiled rice, or in a noodle ring (page 34). e
Variation: For part of the chicken, substitute chopped mushrooms. Cook E
the mushrooms in a covered pan in butter or fortified margarine for about
5 minutes. Two tablespoons of chopped pimento may be added also. & ¢
. 4
/S
| k.
Leftover Meats gt
? Almost any leftover meat may be combined with other foods, well seasonpd, > v
and be made up into very palatable dishes, such as stews, scallops, or pies. £ bt
' Beef, veal, mutton, lamb, chicken, ham, liver, kidney, and heart are all Ner
desirable and may be combined in various ways. Fish may be substituted iz
¥ for meat in many recipes. f
<4
SHEPHERD'’S PIE OR SCALLOPED MEAT ? ‘. ',.i
2 cups chopped 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon finely chopped ;
cooked meat % teaspoon pepper onion "g
2 cups mashed potato % teaspoon paprika 1 or 2 tablespoons butter or i o
, 2 cups leftover gravy fortified margarine ; o
It is unnecessary to follow the above proportions. Use the available ,’f
. amounts of meat, potato, and gravy, and season to taste. Line the bottom 1%
of a buttered baking dish with well-beaten mashed potato. Add a thick layer }’
of meat and gravy, then cover with a layer of potato. Or, meat and gravy TR
. may be placed in the lower part of the baking dish with a single thick layer i 4
; of mashed potato for the crust. Dot with bits of butter or fortified margarine. e,
Bake in a hot oven (400° F.) until the potatoes are brown, or if cold potatoes 0 '?%5*
have been used, until thoroughly heated and browned. Crumbs, macaroni, or S P
~ rice may be substituted for potatoes. R ¥ ;;
x‘. e o
B ; MINCED MEAT ON TOAST : ‘3@
A Usp any meat, put through a food grinder or chop fine in a chopping bowl. » o5
- Heat in gravy, white sauce, or tomato sauce. Add butter, season well, and
F serve on hot toast. o
\ : v
i S
L HASH 3
; 1 to 2 cups chopped i teaspoon pepper 3to4 tablespoons butter
# 2 meat : 1 teaspoon mixed onion or fortified margarine 3
» : :ups cooked potato or celery Enough milk, water, or .
easpoon salt stock to moisten "
Any available leftover meat may b i
y be used, taking about equal parts of
indeat and potato. Chop the meat first, then add the ‘potato and c%op tggether. i §
E’ £ °‘Stt?‘.}i it enough to hold together. Season. Melt fat (1 tablespoon to each ¢ NN
a8 gup o ash.) in a frying pan, spread the hash in evenly and cook slowly from A
- az dtg ui?x :’mm}lxti% fWhen the hash is well browned, loosen it with a spatula, X
ne half of it over the other half. The h inal 4
~ pan and baked in the oven. A may be put ingbutfeted e -
‘ - 29 L ‘;
o T » P A
e AR R T S N
% o N . i TR Qe R
BRI e AR5 PRt e U S ey g 1 &m.m =
