Plain or french omelet Poached eggs SUpreme
6 servings 6 servings
6 eggs 1 can (10% o
34 teaspoon salt Cheddar cheise s‘;’:‘:)es) “Ondenge g
Pepper, as desired 2 tablespoons chopped
6 tablespoons milk V4 cup process sharp Cireden Peppe,
3 tablespoons butter or margarine spread eddar cheeg,
Beat eggs until yolks and whites © Slices toast
are well mixed. 6 eggs
Add salt, pepper, and milk. Combine SOUp and greep
Melt the fat in a large frypan heat. Spread cheese on tO&stpepper;
and pour in the egg mixture. eggs until firm (p, 48). P, Poach
Cook over moderate heat. As the on toast and cover with hocte ®ggs
omelet cooks, lift edges toward cen- mixture, Serve immediate] Soup
ter and tip pan so that the uncooked NotE: For this Recipe, };8 >
mixture flows under the cooked por- clean €99s with no cracks 4, Shelz:nly
tion. Continue cooking until bottom :
is light brown. Menu suggestion
Fold one half of the omelet over Serve with green beans, fruit
the other half and serve at once. salad, and oatmeal cookies,
Note: For this recipe, use only
clean eggs with no cracks in shells. Deviled eggs
Variations 6 servings
Spread tart jelly or browned 6 eggs
mushrooms on half the omelet just Y4 cup mayonnaise
before folding. 1 teaspoon prepared mustard
Sprinkle top of the omelet with 14 teaspoon vinegar
shredded cheese, your favorite 14 teaspoon salt
herbs, or bits of crisp bacon or ham. White pepper, as desired
Paprika
Hard-cook eggs as directed on
Poached eggs page 47. Cool eggs under cold
Break eggs into a saucer or cus- running water 5 to 10 minutes.
tard cup, one at a time, then slip Peel shells from eggs. Cut eggs.éﬁ
them into gently boiling, salted half lengthwise. Mash yolks Wla_
water—enough water to cover the remaining ingredients exceﬁlt E‘i]l
eggs in a shallow pan. prika until mixture 1s smf)O rin e
Reheat water to simmering, take whites with this mixture; sP
pan from heat, cover. Let stand 5 with paprika. '
minutes, or until eggs are of desired T g
firmness. Remove eggs from water Yariation ! Omit  salt
and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Ham-deviled eggs'/devﬂed ham
Nore: For this recipe, use only Add 1 can (24 ounces)
clean eggs with no cracks in shells. to yolk mixture.
48
Nt
‘s‘
!
