D Shape dough into a ball, Ro]] out
esserts zn a li%htly 1floured surface or be-
_ ween two sheets of waxed
Desse.rt adds' a touch that glves 8  Fit carefully into piepan. Liftp:é);ers'
good dinner its final, satisfying and smooth out air bubbles, For
note. : ; baked pastry shell, trim pastry
; Before using the dessert recipes leaving about 1 inch around thé
in tl_us bul.letm, refer to the section edge. Fold edge under and shape
on ingredients and measurements into an upright rim.
(p. 26). i i ; o Prick bottom and sides well with
Cake recipes in this publication g fork. Bake at 450° F. (very hot
gengrally need to be &d&Ptefi for oven) 12 to 15 minutes, or unti
use In high-altitude areas. Write to golden brown.
your State Experiment Station or
contact your county extension agent ROy
for information on baking cakes in likpi ;
your area. Two-crust pze.'—Double the reci-
For pies and cakes, use pans of Pe Form dough into two balls, one 4
the size specified. slightly larger than the other. Roll i
To grease pans for cakes, coat f)ut lar'ger ball of dough an’d'ﬁt i
lightly with unsalted fat or oil. te piepan. Roll out remaining i
Then sprinkle lightly with a little d9ugh for top crust; make several
flour. Tip pan from side to side to §11ts n c.rust to let s?ean} escape dur-
coat evenly; then shake out excess g baking. Put ﬁllmg Into pastry- S
Aoty lined pan. Top with second -crust. 2
In recipes that call for greased Fold edges of crusts under fa,nd press &
and floured cakepans, you may use t(?geth(?r to seal. Bake as directed in = ‘
& wax paper lining if you prefer. P1e TeCipe. ' &
Cut wax paper to fit the bottom of
the pan. Then grease the paper k'
lightly. Apple pie
8-inch pie, 6 servings
Pas"y Pastry for 2-crust 8-inch pie (above) =
8- or 9-inch pastry shell 5 cups pared, sliced tart apples E
1 cup four 2/3 cup sugar i
o teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon cornstarch i
/3 cup shortening Yo teaspoon cinnamon -
About 2 tablespoons cold water 1 or 2 tablespoons butter or margarine,
Mix flour and salt thoroughly- if desired
Mix in fat only until mixture is i
crumbly. Prepare unbaked pastry. 3
Add a little water at a time, Mix dry ingredients lighﬁly Wltr
blending lightly. Dough should be apples in a bowl. Put filling ‘
just moist enough to cling together pastry-lined pan. Dot with fat, ¥
when pressed. desired. Top with second crust. *
74 T
