Basic yellow cake Yield: 2 (8-inch) cake layers
2 cups sifted cake flour 1.1/4 cups granulated sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt 3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup shortening 1 1/4 teaspoons vanilla
Preheat oven to 375°F. Grease and dust with flour two 8-inch round cakf_a pans. Sift
flour, baking powder, and salt onto a sheet of waxed paper. In a large mixing bowl,
add shortening and sugar. Cream on Speed 7 until well blended. Scrape bowl
often. Add eggs and continue beating for 2 minutes. Turn to Speed 2. Gradually
add flour mixture alternately with milk. Scrape sides of boyvl as necessary. Add
vanilla. Turn to Speed 6 and beat for 2 minutes, scraping sudes of bowl as
necessary. Pour batter into prepared cake pans. Bake for 25-30 mmqtes, or until a
toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool cake in pans for 5
minutes. Loosen edges of cake with a spatula and turn onto wire racks. Cool com-
pletely before frosting.
SUGGESTED FROSTING: § ;
Chocolate fudge frosting, Fluffy butter frosting, Mocha frosting, Quick egg white frosting
Chocolate cake Yield: 2 (8-inch) cake layers
3 squares unsweetened chocolate 1 1/3 cups granulated sugar
2 cups sifted cake flour 1 cup milk
1 teaspoon baking soda 2 eggs
3/4 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup shortening
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease and dust with flour, two 8-inch cake pans. Melt
chocolate in a double boiler and set aside. Onto a sheet of waxed paper, sift flour,
soda, and salt. In a large mixing bowl, combine shortening and sugar. Cream on
Speed 7 until thoroughly blended, scraping sides of bowl as necessary. Turn to
Speed 3 and alternately add flour mixture and milk. Add eggs, vanilla, and melted
chocolate. Beat on Speed 5 for 2 minutes, or until ingredients are well blended
Scrape s_ides of bowl as necessary. Pour batter into prepared cake pans. Bake for
30-35 minutes, or until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Cool
cake in pans for 5 minutes. Loosen edges of cake with a spatula and turn onto wire
racks. Cool completely before frosting.
SUGGESTED FROSTING:
Chocolate fudge frosting, Fluffy butter frosting, Quick egg white frosting
30
