i } ) i
{ pland Game Birds
Pheasant ‘ |
Field Care: Pheasants may be tield dressed the same as ducks.

The defeathering process differs. however, since pheasants may

he scalded. If convenient, they may be easily dry PlUCkC('l when

warm. but this is difficult with a cooled bird. Dry plucking en-
ables vou to save the feathers. :
To scald a pheasant or any upland game bird, 1101(1 it by tl}f

feet and dip it rapidly in a deep vessel of hot water 150 to 155

F. until the feathers pull free ecasily. Let hang for a few minutes

' to drain and pluck. Down and hairs may be removed by singeing
with a torch made from brown paper. :
: After scalding, finish dressing the bird being sure to remove
lungs, all of the entrails, crop and oil sac.
- Some hunters prefer to skin pheasants. This method is pre-
- ferred and allows you to skin and eviscerate the bird in one
operation. Remove the legs and wings at the second joint. Lay
the bird on its breast. Slit or break the skin at the back of the
neck. Pull the skin outward and downward, slipping it over the
wings and legs. Do not pull the skin off the tail piece. With the
bird lying on its breast, cut along each side of the backbone,
cutting the muscles that join the backbone to the ribs. Turn the
bird on its side, breast to your left. Insert two fingers of your
left hand into the depression where the neck goes into the breast
cavity. Grasp neck with right hand and pull apart. The neck,
backbone, entrails, and skin will be in your right hand, in the left
will be the rest of the bird. Salvage the heart, liver and gizzard.
Cut the gall bladder off the liver being careful not to hreak it.

Opinion varies regarding the need to age pheasants before
cooking. Two to four days in the refrigerator is considered by
some to be sufficient. A slow thaw in the refrigerator for frozen
birds tenderizes and develops the flavor.

To freeze, handle pheasants the same as ducks. Partridge,
grouse and woodcock are handled like pheasants. Woodcock
should be plucked rather than skinned.

Preparation for Cooking: The meat of upland game birds
tends to somewhat dry. The use of cream. bacon, or salt pork
keeps it from drying out when cooking. This is particularly true
with ‘nlder birds. Small sweet onion rings and/or mushroom also
add flavor. These can be used with other ingredients.

' 10
