(% : Easy Appetizers Simplify Entertaining

N :

! Here are 9 easy hors d' oeuvre suggestions for holiday entertaining and cocktail parties
‘@ | A11 of them axe simple to make and great tasting. They should help to keep you out of
E the kitchen and rather enjoying your party and guests.
| BACON-WRAPPED HORS D'OEUVRES-Cut strips DEVIIED PECANS-Combine 2 TBSP melted
| of tacon in half and wrap around one of butter and 1 TBSP Worcestershire sauce.
| the following, fasten with a toothpick Place 1 1b. pecan halves on cooky sheet.

- {and take at 350 for 25 to 30 minutes: Drizzle with butter mixture; stir to coat.
1 Fresh pineapple chunks Water chestnuts Bake at 300°for 10 to 15 minutes,

Bananas Breadsticks
?’; Prunes Smoked oysters
QR Gocktsllshritp St I DEVIIED STUFFED MUSHROOMS-Fill mushroom
i caps with canned deviled ham filling so
& rounded on top. Broil until brown - 3 to
MEAT IN SAUCE-Serve any of the following 4 minutes,
meats in one of the sauces below - cut up
5 hot dogs, cubes of pepperoni or bologna,
Vienna sausages, or cocktail meatballs:
B 11 5eoe Conbine 1 (22 oz.) -Iﬁmm&km—ﬁmtmtwmmpomto chips
can mincemeat pie filling, 1/3 cup apple ghe: :Oo (}1, iaie ’tsﬁgégkle with Parmesan
juice or cider, and 1 TBSP vinegar. Heat ik A for 2-5 minutes.
; until bubbly; if too thick, add more juics
i BBQ Sauce-Combine 1 cup Kraft Onion-Flavoq
\ BBQ Sauce, 1 small jar grape jelly, and PEANUT BUTTER APPETIZERS-Spread Ritz
1 cup water. Heat until thickened. crackers with peanut butter or cheese
: Sweet & Sour Sauce-Combine 1 (16 oz.) can spread, sprinkle with imitation bacon
. whole cranberry sauce, + cup catsup or bits and broil until hot.

A chili sauce, and 2-3 TBSP lemon juice.

| Heat until smooth.
oo DL Saice Heatil cup soux BEEF-OLIVE ZINGERS-Combine 1 1b. lean
QR teD. dilliiecd, yicupiwater, ground beef and 1 (13 oz.) pkg. Ttalian
B to tasto un1-:11 vlxa,rm. - $hs Spaghetti Sauce Mix. Pat this mixture
_____Swc.eet seis Sa,uce-.Comblne B CUD chopped around olives, forming small balls. Pla.ge
& <1>n10n, 1 small jar currant jelly, and on ungreased cooky sheet and bake at 400
{1 2 cup prepared mustard and heat. Ror 0N manutes:
) it
l OLIVE.ROLL—U'PS-Spread a generous 3 TBSP' EASY VEGETABIE DIP-Combine 1 (8 oz.)
! of whipped cream.cheese on each of 4 s}lce EoMyTour cream or yogurt with
| of bologna‘or boiled ham. Cut each slice 1 (.9 oz.) pkg. Mild Italian Salad Dressing
! into 6 Strl:?s a.nd‘wrap a.round.a,n olive, Mix. It's quick to make and colorful with
j or wrap entire slice around pickle and fresh vegetables.
|| slice.
FRESH LINGONBERRIES
Our Meat Department carries these Fresh berries during the holiday season. They can be
cooked into a thickened sauce which is delicious served over pancakes, waffles, or pound
cake. The sauce also makes a good accompaniment to fowl or meat. Following is a recipe:
LINGONBERRY SAUCE
il carton\(about 8 0z.) fresh lingonberries 3/h cup sugar
> ater 1 TBSP cornstarch
) Rinse berries several times in cold water. Simmer in saucepan with water for about a5
minutes over low heat. Mix the cornstarch and sugar until well-blended. Mix in some of
the hot mixture to fiorm a paste, then gradually stir into hot berries., Bring to boil
over medium heat, stirring constantly. Serve warm or chilled.
