|
pour the mixtu{‘e into a heated prevent this discoloration, cook eggs
frypan 10 which a h%ltle fat ‘h‘.us been  atlow temperature, avoid overcook-
melted. Cook slowly, stirring oc-  1ing, and cool promptly.
casionﬁuy to let the uncooked |
portion flow to thg‘bostonbl. tCogﬁ Fried eggs
unt;llt the mixture is set, but. sti Heat a small amount of fat in
moist. B erred, use o o3 a frypan. Bacon or ham drippings
Dy NEA A ok A j may be used for flavor. Break
poiler. Melt & little fat in the top ; ; - Dreak eggs,

"+ the eee mixture, place one at a time, into a saucer, and
part, pour 1n =l » slip them into the fat. Sprinkl
over simmering water 1n the bottom with ‘it o G

iler. and cook as above. and pepper. Cook over
of the boiler, an low heat, basting with the f '

Nore: For this recipe, use only .. ¥ fisiny B2 e fat, until
clean eggs with mo cracks in shells. Or, if you prefer eggs with less
i fat, use this “fry-poach” method.
. Yariation Melt a little fat in a frypan over
Before cooking the mixture, add low heat—just enough to grease the
herbs, chopped onion, shredded Dbottom. Add eggs one at a time,
cheese, or small pieces of cooked pourin 2 or 3 tablespoons of water,
bacon or ham. cover pan tightly, and steam until
eggs are done. Season before
serving.
Eggs cooked in shell NorE: For this recipe, use only
: clean eggs with mo cracks in shells:
Put eggs in a pan; cover them
completely with cold water. French toast
For soft-cooked eggs, heat water 5
slowly to simmering. Cover pan and 6 serungs
remove from heat. Let stand 3 to 5 4 eggs, beaten
minutes; allow the longer time for 9/ cup milk
a larger number of eggs or for & 1/ teaspoon salt
firmer consistency. 19 slices white bread
Nore: For this recipe, use only 2 tablespoons fat or oil
clean eggs with no cracks in shélls. Combine eggfsyb milé(,' and S”’_lt"
: i in egg mix-
For hard-cooked eggs, bring water ]t?llrp;each side ol =
to simmering and simmer 20 to 25 Brown on both sides in fat on &
minutes. Do not let the water boil. | o griddle—3 to 4 minutes on each
Serve the eggs hot or plunge them .. garve immediately.
at once into cold running water and Nore: For this recipe, use only
leave until cold. clean, eggs with no cracks in shells.
Nore: The green discoloration 1
that sometimes appears between Yariation .
the white and the yolk of a hard- Add 4 teaspoon cinnamon oraul
cooked egg results from a chemical —meg to €gg mixture before dipping
reaction, which is harmless. To help bread.
47
