 400° F. (hot oven) for 40 Cook over moderate heat, stirring

Bake "‘u 68, OF until filling bubbles  constantly, until thickened. Simmer
to 60 mu:;rust is golden brown. 1 minute longer.
and the‘ If fruit is sweet, decrease Stir a little of the hot mixture

No;ttl 5 Gager; if unusually tart, into egg yolks; then stir yolks into
f;mouase o re'maining hot mixture. Cook 1
incre minute longer, stirring constantly.
Variations Stir in fat and vanilla.

Blueherry pie—Use 3 cups fresh Set saucepan in cold water to
plueberries instead of apples. Omit cool. Stir frequently. Change water
cinpamon and increase cornstarch occasionally.
to 3 tablespoons. Sprinkle .fxzuit 1.’our filling into pastry shell.
with 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Chill thoroughly.

Bake 50 to 60 minutes. Before serving, whip cream until

Cherry pie.——Instead of apples, stiff and beat in confectioner’s
use 1 can (16 ounces) pitted red sugar. Spread over pie.
sour cherries, water pack. Do not Note: For this recipe, use only
drain. Omit cinnamon. Increase clean eggs with no cracks in shells.
cornstarch to 2 tablespoons. Add Use whipped dessert topping in-
14 teaspoon almond extract and a stead of whipped cream, if desired.
few drops of red food coloring, if
desired. Bake 40 to 45 minutes. Variations
.Pe:ch pzﬁ.—('}setjd cufps frfSh Coconut cream pie—Stir 14 to 1
%we Ple*"c1 es 1nstead oI apples. cyp shredded coconut, as desired,
se only J4 teaspoon CIDNAMON. jnt; the hot filling with fat and
Bake 40 to 50 minutes. vanilla

Banana cream pie—Slice 2 ba-
N onilla eream ple gﬁ?as into pie shell before adding

3 5 ; ne.
8-inch pie, 6 servings Chocolate cream pie.—Increase su-
1 8-inch pastry shell (p. 74) gar to 34 cup. Cut 114 ounces bitter
3 tablespoons cornstarch chocolate into cream filling after
% cup sugar adding milk.

;/zfeospoon salt

cups milk

B larber Graham cracker crust
3::b|espoons butter or margarine 8- or 9-inch pie

as g
% cvpp::? V‘f‘"'”“ 1/3 cup butter or margarine
1 fOUespo:pmg ?’eﬂ.m : 2 tablespoons sugar
e nbcon ectioner's sugar 14 cups graham cracker crumbs

are . X
shell, » bake, and cool pastry Stir fat and suglar together 15
Miz o a saucepan over low heat unt
in he &Vyozsut:rch, sugar, and salt fat is melted. Blend in cracker
in millc epan. Gradually stir crumbs. Press evenly into piepan.
Chill,
| 75
