(Mix by hand or at a low speed
DR f elec- :
+ tric mixer. Count only actual E::tino te.::z .(Ml.x by hand or at a low speed of elec-

Or count beating strokes. Allow ab ogut 156 tric mixer. Count only actual beating time.

full strokes per minute. Scra bowl and Or count beating strokes. Allow about 150

spoon often.) o an full strokes per minute. Scrape bowl often.)

Baking. Turn batter into pank dba ik Baking, Turn batter into pan. Bake in

moderate oven (350°F.) 30 minutes or moderate oved (G021 28

until done. Spread Cocoa Mocha Frosti

rostin
(page77) between layers and on top of cakeg. Holly Wreath Nut Cake
(3 eggs and 1 egg yolk)

B Preparations. Have the shortening at room
rownstone Front Cake temperature, Grease and lightly flour a
(3 EGGS) round 9-inch tube pan. Start oven for

Preparations. Have the thorthuing atro moderate heat (375°F.). Sift flour once.

4 om 5 .

temperature. Line bottom of 13x9x2-inch Measure into sifter:

pan with paper; grease. Start oven for 234 cups sifted Swans Down Cake

moderate heat (350°F.). Sift flour once be- o :

fore measuring. Simmer raisins in small 2 teaspoons Calumet Baking Powder

amount of water until plump and tender; 114 teaspoons salt

drain and chop or grind with nuts. 13/ cups sugar
Measure into sifter: Measure into mixing bowl:

21 cups sifted Swans Down Cake Ll
Flour Measure into cup:
1 teaspoon soda * Milk (see below for amount) -
1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon orange extract
1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon almond extract
14 teaspoon nutmeg Have ready:
15 teaspoon allspice 3 eggs and 1 egg yolk, unbeaten
B P 44 g8
Measure into mixing bowl: % to 1 cup finely chopped nuts
3 i * With butter, margarine, or lard, use % cup milk.
M /‘ cuP, s:mrtemng With vegetable or other shortening, use % cup milk.
easure into cup: 2
* Sour milk or buttermilk (see below Now the Mix-Easy Part ]
for amount) Stir shortening just to soften. Sift in dry
; : ; 3 1 all
H v ingredients. Add milk and mix until a
alvle G b (firmly packed) flour is dampened. Then beat 2 minutes.
i e s Add eggs and beat 1 minute longer. Add
3 eggs, unbeaten
1 TR AEh nuts and blend.
RS e SOPPSE e (Mix by hand or at a low speed of elec-
1 cup raisins, cooked, drained, and AT C 1 MAT it
finely chopped tric mixer. Count only actual beating time.
geenop. Or count beating strokes. Allow about 150
* With butter, margarine, or lard, use 3 cup sour full strokes per minute. Scrape bowl and
milk. With vegetable or any other shortening, use 1 R 2 P ’
p spoon often.)
cup sour milk. 4 ;
; Baking. Turn batter into pan. Bake in
Now the Mix-Easy Part moderate oven (375°F.) 1 hour, or until
: Stir shortening just to soften. Sift in dry done. Spread with Seven Minute Frosting
ingredients. Add brown sugar. (Sieve to ' | (Y% recipe, page 75). Decorate with wreath
remove lumps, if necessary.) Add milk and of cut citron and maraschino cherries.
mix until all flour is dampened. Then This cake may also be baked in two
beat 2 minutes. Add eggs and beat 1 minute 8x4x3-inch loaf pans in moderate oven
40 longer. Add nuts and raisins; blend. (375°F.) 1 hour, or until done.
