pear Ann: We want yo., ‘
must and e i nd
who be careful aboyt fo Veryone sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg; beat until l'ﬁht}ngztf;y a
the fun of feaSting at Chri od to enjoy a pale cream color. Slowly add molasses; b?atdun:j'rysingreaients
start With your cookjeg t;lStmas' Wen ; ‘l:vn':hl i i Zpafju"a : Sttr:re gecstlrf: mixer, beat until
- 'y e 3 il most are moistened. Using ‘ > t
and desserts with our othe n Plan dlnners smooth and extremely sticky. Cover tightly; refrigerate at leas
/ﬂ 6 hours or preferably overnight.
. g When ready to hake:
A Ann, this year y : "
many cookie 0utter3;0:5 can take yoyuy TOlhS 1. Start heating oven to 350°F. Grease cookﬂxe sheets. Generousg
the other children mak‘you can find in the drgz; Saeldins flour pastry cloth or board and rolling i ¥ig) rye'floUf-h' k
¢poil the fun because Mg cookies. Youy auerwer Sl move dough from refrigerator; roll % fo e Gibg) e
{;read A e We planned thjs reci -5 ot Using favorite cookie cutter, preferably one in shape of gin-
Justulor you. Ang ,-€c1pe for Ginger- : ; ide spatula, transfer to
make sure the cookie do there’s a secret w gerbread man, cut cookies, With a wide Spattic, :
Jots of angels and starsugh can be rolled thin enouaf1 EO cookie sheets. Bake 12 to 14 minutes or until cookies begin to
the gingerbread dough ji:‘f;}nowmen. You have togchil(l)r brown lightly around edges. Remove immediately from sheet.
below. Once the cookies are belfvay the recipe tells you Let cool on a flat surface. & ; A
mental Frosting and decorat aked, you can make Orna- 2. While cookies are baking, form remaining scraps into a ball;
ate every cookie on the plate. refrigerate. After chilling about 15 minutes, roll dough out and
GINGERBREAD COOKIES e
1% cups sifted rye flour* Ya cup molasses 1. Prepare Ornamental Frosting as follows: Sift together confec-
1, teaspson salt 1% cups sifted confectioners’ tioners' sugar and cream of tartar. In a medium bowl, stir to-
Y, teaspoon double-acting sugar ; gether this mixture, vanilla and egg white. With electric mixer
baking powder Vs teaspoon cream of tartar at highest speed, beat until frosting is so thick that a knife
1, teaspoon baking soda Y teaspoon vanilla extract drawn through the mixture leaves a clean-cut path. (This will
1 teaspoon ground ginger 1 egg white take at least 5 minutes.) If necessary, add more sugar to
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon food color (optional) make mixture desired consistency. If you wish, add food color
Y cup soft shortening colored granulated sugar, dragées, ifallion patt ot frost.ing.
1 cup granulated sugar eNo N (ate mor=els and other 2. Pu.t Ornamental Frosting into a pastry bag fitted with an appro-
1 egg decorations, as desired priate pastry tube;’use to decorate cookies; add colored. grapu-
G - lated sugar, dragées, chocolate morsels, etc., for finishing
p to a week before serving: touches to cookies. When frosting has hardened, store cookies
1. Onto a piece of wax paper, sift together rye flour, salt, baking in an airtight container. Makes about 16 5-inch cookies. |
powder, baking soda, ginger and cinnamon. *If your rye flour is coarsely milled, sift it through a very fine. ok e
2. In a medium bowl, with an electric mixer, cream shortening with sieve and use only the finest particles. ik “,ag
: St
: THE INSTITUTE / BUREAU / DR. WALTER H. BRYAN: DIRECTOR 5 A
i 4 5 e T
L S
