£
D
POCKETBOOK ROLLS SCANDINAVIAN COFFEE CAKE
Prepare White Bread dough. 14 cup milk
After first rising, divide dough in 14 cup shortening
half. Roll out each half %-inch 1/ cup sugar
thick on a lightly floured board. 17 teaspoon salt
Cut with 2%-inch round cutter. ] package active
Crease heavily across center with dry yeast :
the dull edge of a knife. Brush 14 cup warm (not
lightly with melted shortening. hot) water
Fold over. Place on greased bak- 3 1o 31% cups sifted
ing sheet about 1 inch apart. Cover enriched flour
with damp cloth. Let rise in a 2 eggs, beaten
warm place, 80° to 85°, until Melted butter or margarine
double in bulk. Meanwhile set % cup firmly packed
oven for hot, 400°. Bake rolls 20 brown sugar
minutes or until brown. Remove 2 teaspoons cinnamon
from pan immediately. Makes 2
dozen rol}s. Or, make up Y5 dough, Scald milk. Add shortening,
and use rest as follows: sugar, and salt. Stir until sugar
POPPY SEED HALF-MOONS dissolves; cpol to lu.kewar'm. D'is-
solve yeast in water; combine with
Roll ¥4 of White Bread dough milk mixture. Stir in half the
in circle 9 inches in diameter and flour; add eggs; beat well. Add
Y inch thick. Cut into 12 wedges.  enough of remaining flour to make
Roll up each wedge starting at a soft dough. Turn out on lightly
round edge. Place on greased  floured board; knead till smooth
baking sheet with pointed end  and elastic. (See recipe for White
under; shape like crescents; brush Bread.) Put in a greased bowl;
with melted butter or margarine; brush with shortening; cover; let
sprinkle with poppy seeds. Let  rise in a warm place, 80° to 85°,
rise. Bake as for Pocketbook till double in bulk (about 2 hours).
Rolls. Turn out on floured board; roll
into a rectangle 8 by 12 inches.
WALNUT TWISTS Brush with butter. Sprinkle with
Prepare recipe for Scandinavian brown sugar and cinnamon. Roll
Coffee Cake. After first rising, up like jelly roll; shape into a ’
combine 2/3 cup each of finely ring on greased baking sheet; :
chopped walnuts and sugar; drop pinch ends. From the outside, cut
the dough by spoonfuls into the through the ring toward center
sugar-nut mixture, and toss almost all the way through in 1- ’
lightly until each portion is well inch slices. Fan out slices slightly
coated; shape each piece into a to side. Brush with shortening;
rope about 8 inches long. Twist cover; let rise about 45 minutes or
into figure 8’s. Place on well- till double in bulk. Meanwhile set
greased baking sheet; let rise oven for moderate, 375°. Bake 25
again until light. Meanwhile set to 30 minutes. While warm spread
oven for hot, 400°. Bake 12 to 15 with confectioners’ sugar icing;
minutes. Makes 1 dozen, sprinkle with chopped walnuts. '
8
