Menu suggestion Eggs, cheese, dry beqns
Serve with stewed okra and
tomatoes, celery sticks, brownies, Main dishes made with eggs,
and fruit. cheese, or dry t?eims are eCOnomigai
choices for family meals,
Sardine puff Co;kmg} egt.ygs :
. for best eating 3
6 sernngs should be cooked \%it}(lilllg\liti’, eggs
9 cans (334 or 4 ounces each) Maine  erate heat, for just the right ammod-
sardines of time. If cooking temperaml;):l}t
8 slices white bread too high or the egg is cooked tols
114 tablespoons butter or margarine long, the white becomes tough ang
14 cup chopped green pepper the yolk mealy.
34 cup shredded sharp natural Cheddar
cheese _—
;;f::spoon Sk Caution onSU.sIedoF Cracked
1/4 teaspoon dry mustard or Soiled Eggs
Pepper, as desired Cracked or soiled eggs may con-
9 cups milk tain bacteria that can produce food
Paprika poisoning. For your protection, use
Drain sardines and cut into cracked or soiled eggs only when
thinds, they are t‘h.oroug'hly cooked or when
Remove crusts from bread, the f_OOdS in which they are an in-
spread with butter or margarine, gredient are thO}‘Oughly cooked.
and cut bread into Y4-inch cubes. In this publication, a warning
Place half the bread cubes in a well- not_e Is given Wlth‘ each recipe In
greased 12- by 8- by 9-inch baking which cracked or soiled eggs should
dish. Cover with sardines, green not be used.
pepper, and half the cheese. Top
with remaining bread cubes and
cheese.
Beat eggs, salt, mustard, and Scrambled eggs
pepper. Add milk and mix well. Break eggs into a bowl. Add milk
Pour over bread and sprinkle with as follows: For creamy scrambled
paprika. eggs, add 1 tablespoon milk for each
Bake at 350° F. (moderate oven) egg; for dry scrambled eggs, add }2
45 to 50 minutes, or until firm in tablespoon milk for each egg. For 2
the center. Remove from oven and product with uniform yellow color,
let stand 5 minutes before serving. beat mixture enough to blend yolks
M ; and whites thoroughly. If you prefer
equ,;svogsslion scrambled eggs with flecks of yellow
Serve with green peas, a relish and white, beat only slightly. Season
plate, and orange bavarian cream.  with salt and pepper.
46
