ot
L Green peas, succotash, green HARVARD BEETS “"1‘;
~ beans, or asparagus with chopped . ;
- chutney heated in butter. 2 tablespoons butter or margarine a8
. ,.Asparagus or broccoli with lemon %{:dcl:llssll))g;'ﬁ(ﬁ:ﬁrfmm i b ;
‘ juice and a dash of curry powder 14 cup brown sugar {
added to butter. 14 cup vinegar : i
Frenched green beans with sliv- ;‘/2 len.sp.oon salt
ered browned-in-butter almonds. PRt RS DOPPER
15 teaspoon cloves
Mashed potatoes with a little 1 No. 2 can (214 cups) sliced beets
grated onion and celery salt. e
: Melt butter or margarine; add
Wax beans with a dash of mace. flour; blend. Add beet liquid; cook
Asparagus, green beans, peas, until thickened, stirring constant-
carrots with sliced mushrooms ly. Add brown sugar, vinegar, salt,
sautéed in butter. pepper, and cloves; stir until sugar
Cauliflower with bread crumbs dissolves. Drain beets; a(_id. Heat
or tiny bread cubes lightly thoroughly. Makes 6 servings.
browned in butter. Good with
b;occoli, asparagus, and cabbage SPINACH FLORIDA
also.
Mashed hubbard squash with a Melt 3 tablespoons butter or
few drops of aromatic bitters. margarine. Add sections from 1
Green peas, onions, kernel corn grapefruit; heat thoroughly. Uile
with a little undiluted evaporated to top 3 cups hOt’ chopped spinach.
milk, butter, salt, pepper, and a Makes 6 servings.
dash of nutmeg.
SAVORY SPINACH
B [1HORNIA Heat 1 tablespoon minced onion
: 2 bunches baby beets* in Y% cup butter in small saucepan i
14 cup butter or margarine until butter browns. Pour butter -
2 tablespoons grated orange peel mixture over 4 cups hot chopped
Y4 cup orange juice spinach. Add salt and pepper to _ i
1 teaspoon salt taste. Mix thoroughly. Makes 6
“ Wash beets; trim off roots and pELIES:
all but 1 inch of stems; add 1 cup
boiling salted water. Cover; cook ASPARAGUS AU GRATIN
until tender, about 40 to 50 min-
utes. Drain; rub off skins under Arrange cooked asparagus
cold running water; remove stems. (fresh, canned, or frozen) on bak-
Melt butter or margarine; add ing sheet. Dot with butter or mar-
orange peel, orange juice, and salt. garine; sprinkle with salt and
Pour over beets; heat. Garnish pepper. Top lavishly with grated
with unpeeled orange slices cut in Parmesan cheese. Place in broiler
small sections. Makes 6 servings. with surface of food about 4 inches
— below heat. Broil until cheese
#Or two No. 803 cans, heated and drained. browns lightly.
31
