peanut butter cookies Yield: 4-5 dozen cookies
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour 1 cup brown sugar, firmly packed
2 teaspoons baking soda 1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt 2 eggs
1 cup shortening 1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup creamy-style peanut butter 1 cup chopped peanuts
Preheat oven to 350°F. Sift onto a piece of waxed paper, flour, baking soda, and
salt. In a large mixing bowl, combine shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar, and
granulated sugar. Cream on Speed 7 for 1/2 minute. Add eggs and vanilla and
continue beating until well blended. Scrape down sides of bowl as necessary. Turn
to Speed 2. Gradually add flour mixture. Beat until flour mixture is well blended. §
Turn to Speed 1, add peanuts and continue mixing until thoroughly combined. Roll .’,’
into 1-inch balls. Place on ungreased cookie sheet; flatten with fork to form
crisscross pattern. Bake for 10-12 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Cool
on wire racks.
‘Shortbread E Yield: 2 dozen cookies
2 cups sifted all-purpose flour 1/2 cup brown sugar, packed
1 cup butter, softened 1/2 cup chopped pecans
Preheat oven to 300°F. Sift flour onto a sheet of waxed paper. In a large mixing
bowl, cream butter and brown sugar on Speed 7 for 1 minute. Turn to Speed 2,
add flour and beat until ingredients are moistened. Then turn to Speed 5 and beat
until well blended, about 1-2 minutes. Scrape sides of bow! as necessary. Turn
mixer to OFF. Stir in pecans. Pat dough into the bottom of a 13x9x2-inch pan. Prick
shortbread with a fork about every 2 inches. Bake for 20-25 minutes. Cut into
2-inch squares immediately after removing from oven. Allow to cool for 10 minutes
before removing from pan. Finish cooling on wire racks.
Sugar cookies Yield: 5 dozen cookies
2 cups sifted all-purpose flour 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar, divided
1 teaspoon baking powder 1 egg
1/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup milk, divided
1/8 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon nutmeg 1/4 teaspoon lemon extract
1/2 cup butter or margariné? softened
Sift flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and nutmeg onto a sheet of waxed
paper. In a large mixing bow!, cream butter and 1 cup sugar on Speed 7 until light
in color. Add egg and continue beating for 1 minute. Scrape sides of bowl as
necessary. Turn to Speed 2, add flour mixture, 2 tablespoons milk, vanilla extract,
and lemon extract. When ingredients are moistened, turn to Speed 5 and beat until
wel{-b!ended, 1-2 minutes. Scrape sides of bow! as necessary. Cover oowl and
refrigerate dough until easy to handle.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Grease cookie sheet. Remove dough from refrigerator. Roll
out dough on a lightly floured board. For crisp cookies, roll to 1/&-inch thickness.
For chewy cookies, roll dough to 1/6-inch thickness. Cut with floured cookie cut-
ter. Place on prepared cookie sheet. Brush with milk and sprinkle lightly with
sugar. Bake for 10-12 minutes or until edges are light brown. Remove from cookie
sheet and cool on wire racks.
